and this video,
we're going to speak about changing styles for your pivot tables,
so they change the pivot table style.
You can select any cell in your pivot table and then go to design tab on the ribbon,
and then you can see here.
We've got a pivot table styles option here,
and you can select from different styles for your pivot,
table says.
You can see here we've got tons of styles that you can select from.
So select this style,
for example.
And as you can see,
your each style has an array off colors and styles that you can apply to your pivot table.
There are other options here as well under the design top.
So there is the pivot table style options area where you could earn choose to have the road
headers here,
having to fill color or not,
and the column headers to and you could choose toe have banded Rose or Bandit columns,
Michigan's years.
You can play with the pivot table styles and select the one that best suits your taste.
There is another option here that I want to demonstrate,
but first of all,
I'll just apply a different fund style to my row Headers year.
So apply a night Alec,
for example,
for the products.
As you can see here,
they have all become italics.
And then,
if you go again to design tab on the ribbon,
there's an option here.
If you right click on any of the styles,
there's an auction.
This is applying clear formatting and apply and maintain formatting,
and this will basically either clear or maintain the formatting that you have on you pivot
table when applying the style.
So applying clear formatting well,
actually apply the style and clear the ICT Alec Fund that we had Cizikas here.
Now the product labels are not italics anymore.
The products air no italics.
And if you press control and see on a keyboard and then try the other option,
apply and maintained formatting,
you can see here that while the style has been applied,
the formatting as well has been maintained.
So as you consider,
the products are still italics here,
there is another option as well,
which is that you can set a certain style to be the default style in this workbook,
so that whenever you create a pivot table,
you'll be created with that particular style.
So if you right click on any style and then set as default Now when you insert a pivot
table.
So if he insert a pivot table and let's say we're gonna base it on our data here you click
.
OK,
you can see here that the style is now that style that we set as default,
which is the yellow style here.
Okay,
so you can set a default style in your workbook so that you can use it all the time when
creating a pivot table.
OK,
so that's it for pivot table styles.
Thanks very much watching.
We'll see on the next one.